---
layout: blog.njk
title: 'Net Nuggets #02'
author: David Moll
date: 2024-11-10
tags:
  - net nuggets
description: Interesting links and stories from across the web
---

This is the second edition of "Net Nuggets", my personal collection of interesting links, projects and stories I collected from all over the internet. You can also get the RSS-feed for specifically Net Nuggets [from here](/netnuggets.xml)

---

- [ToolGit](https://github.com/ahmetsait/toolgit)

  - ToolGit is a great little collection of scripts that extend Git. It has some really nice features like `git graph` which work greatly together with a custom .gitconfig. If you want to create your own [I got you covered](/blog/2024-07-23-Taking-a-closer-look-at-my-.gitconfig/).

- [Consent-O-Matic](https://consentomatic.au.dk/)

  - This neat little browser-extension aims to automaticlaly recognize CMP (Consent Management Provider) pop-ups and fill them out based on your preferences which stops you from falling into the so-often-used dark patters. I have been using this plugin for some time now and it does a great job at denying automatic/forced cookie-consent

- [Copying is the way design works (2020)](https://matthewstrom.com/writing/copying/)

  - If you feel like all the stuff you create is not original enough then this article is for you. It made me feel better and more secure about my own creations and helped me to stop worrying about forced individuality.

- [FutureRack](https://futurerack.info/main.php)

  - You ever wanted to use your big server-rack for more than just a server? This project aims to improve the wive-approval-factor and even support rack-mountable products for your pets.

- [FCast](https://fcast.org/)
  - FCast is a promising alternative to the often propriotary Chromecast. I have personally been looking for something like this for some time and am excited to try it out. This project comes from FUTO, which is now making a name for itself by releasing and maintaining OSS alternatives like this, as well as sponsoring development of other OSS options which makes me very hopeful for its future.
